# Compilation

Make sure to run a version of rust above 1.63 stable, or 1.58 nightly to compile **nfdeterminize**, as
it uses features that were flagged as **experimental** before then.

To get the latest version of run, download and run [rustup](https://rustup.rs/) to get rust on your local
directory.

To compile after this is done, run `cargo build -r`.

# Running

To run, either do:

- `cargo run -r -- <arguments>`
- `target/release/nfdeterminize <arguments>`

Refer to the `--help` argument or the user manual in the dissertation for more help.

# Extra Scripts

The directory contains extra runnable scripts, such as:

- `generate-test-nfa.sh` - uses GAP to generate testing NFAs for use with **nfdeterminize**. Provide the
  path to the gap executable as argument to the script in order to generate the NFAs.
- `clean-tmp-nfas.sh` - script called by `generate-test-nfa.sh`. Modifies and cleans temporary NFAs
  generated by GAP. This needs to run because of the way GAP prints items to output, in which GAP adds
  backslashes and endline characters every so characters. The amount of characters before the next linebreak
  depends on your terminal size when GAP generated and printed the NFA, and I could not find a way to remove
  this behaviour, hence the script.
- `get-flamegraphs-bns.sh` - generates flamegraphs in the `flamegraphs` directory for use to study the
  behaviour of **nfdeterminize** during runtime.

# GAP Scripts

Some GAP scripts included in the project, that deal with automaton generation using GAP.

- `generate-bns.g` - Generates and prints buffer and stack TPN NFAs of size 2-2 to 3-7.
- `generate-seqstack.g` - Generates two-stack automata of size 2-2 to 3-5.

# Benchmarks
To run benchmarks, run `cargo bench`.
NOTE: Make sure to generate the GAP-generated automatons before running benchmarks (See above).
